Files in this directory are used to build .db files used by IOCs.  There is
a substitutions file for each IOC, which uses a combination of templates
to implement records needed to do IO with registers in the bus coupler and
all bus terminals used.
A brief description of template files follows:

bkhxRegs.template is used for reading integer values from coupler registers.

bkhxWRegs.template is used for writing integer values to coupler registers.

kl-ai.template is used to create records for reading channel status byte and
	data from an analog bus terminal.  Linear conversion is done and
	and floating point value is placed in the ai record.
	Examples of analog bus terminals are: kl3102, kl3408, kl3314, kl3182...

kl-bi.template is used to create records for reading channel data from digital
	input bus terminal, e.g. kl1124.

kl-bo.template is used to create records for writing binary data to a digital
	output bus terminal channel, e.g. kl2408.

kl-li.template is used to create records for reading channel status byte and
	integer data from a bus terminal.  It was created for reading data
	from kl1512 Up/Down counter.  It could also be used with any analog
	input bus terminal where no conversion is needed.

kl-lo.template is used to implement a counter reset button needed for the
	kl1512 bus terminal.  This is rather specialized.  It is implemented
	as a sequece of two write operations with a delay in between.  First
	operation writes value 0 to the control/status byte of a channel and
	after delay of 0.5 seconds, the second operation writes value 2 to
	the control/status byte, which clears the counter.

klTRRegs.template is used to implement a handful of records which consist of
	properly sequenced writes and reads in order to read a value from
	a bus terminal registe specified by register numberr.

klTWRegs.template is used to implement a handful of records which consist of
	properly sequenced writes and reads in order to write a value to
	a bus terminal register specified by register number.

See the README file in the <TOP> directory for general comments about this
IOC implementation.

Last modified on 5/27/2011, zms.
